oh and behold finishes the one that's
why she's excited ready it is it is why
I would prefer to muru much more
exciting to come in Kenji gets
completely stand up he's gonna get lots
of the igniters burning on it all five
members come in there its size that gets
first foot it's ghetto goes down and now
Darian's being chased out up towards the
top looks like Edwin is gonna make us
escape he's going to go for the
telephone away will it get away in time
yes II well in the mid lane it looks
like diamond setting up and they may go
in for picker that's a flash a flash
goes in garlic since is gonna lock on
wanting diamond should come in to finish
it up just managed to lock him down and
that is another kill this time for gamut
the going straight in towards him he has
to force the fly straight away it's
gonna be at our die but it's not enough
coming around the backside he's gonna be
diamond though can he lock on Swansea
Darien flash comes out from Sarah's gets
lots on towards him but diamond could go
over the double you'll get so I get one
down Sinai DS down doesn't fancy taking
on so ass so much keeping our yellows
gone in go flush straining tippers on
towards him but is not enough damage
coming out and now yellow stuff gets
pulled in towards the tower diamond
joins them at the top it this could turn
out horribly for fanatic we take out the
super mega death rocket oh and diamond
gets flashed away by reckless but can he
close the gap is gonna go in towards
records he should know Barry obeyed
pulls him out and they don't get
anything ladies that happen to start
another on Darien so quickest on battery
on tours there in the try knocking back
they're gonna have to go full dive on
this one and they may well be able to do
it he forces and backed our heads going
on towards 0 is pops your tea what is he
doing it's got alex h company the
support girl tries to lock in cyanides
gonna be the focus target there's the
staff thing and going outside I taken
low but is it gonna be too much can they
turn it around the teleport comes in
there they try and get around this one
and so as forces them back combo flash
tippers or towards getcha straight away
he should be a dot away no come
letely locked up and he had nothing you
could do member shockwave was already
used to cool down down they do take the
tower down Diamond has the time to jump
away from this what dragons descent is
gonna help him get away one kill goes
towards came here but is it gonna be
enough they're gonna try for thank off
look I saw us going in there he wants
Edward he gets Edward can he finish off
anyone else it doesn't seem that way
it's gonna be a war for one jungler for
support so grouping up diamond he's
gonna go in satyam's come down here's
the fights is darian they're gonna focus
wards but the shock wave doesn't manage
to really land it's only Darrien Darrien
taking it all the damage there's a
common coming down now Duncan this time
alex is he needs to land the target the
right procedure but he's not going to
happen it's time he went for I exist not
College the land is combo and now he's
in trouble that's gonna be his may be
going down and now gauge is trying to
run away from this one fanatic doing a
fantastic job a chasing the pillow stops
them dead Darien is it all sorts of
trouble there's gonna be a job between
gauger can eat a mirar know he gets in
there to double kill a reckless Edwards
in trouble now he's gonna get chased
down it could be the triple yes it will
breakfast is 602 this is a fantastic
position for fanatic they engage the
dragon knowing their Kendra wasn't there
gambit blew so many resources to try and
kill cyanide and cyanide got away he
didn't even expand his flash the rest of
the carries from fanatic were just able
to pick targets single one at a time
because diamond prices and Darien they
went in alone they hadn't they didn't
have the support the rest of the team it
was a split up gambit fanatic win the
fight get a bunch of kills and barren
and now they're in a commanding lead
works so so well now they're gonna
engage there that's gonna be another
girl okay picks it up this time around
they're so shocked by pulling in the
rest of gabon gambia dropping like flies
it's a triple kill for Becky can you get
the quadra diamond is just gonna bully
them away they don't care that go for
the tower sores didn't even use his
ultimate in that fight the dive
potential of that V assault and battery
shutdown gabon now they're onto the
inhibitor turret that's gonna be the
inhibitor going down diamond
prevent this one he has to back away the
rest of gamut coming out though is
they're gonna slow these born diamond
joining them but that is the first
inhibitor of the game look at me go
toe-to-toe very slow boring fight well
it's good as soon as I'm available there
is the ultimate being pop tries to just
jump around there he may actually try
and go aggressive but look at this time
is going to come and join him they have
a tower to tank through he's gonna keep
on following he's tanking up the turret
is tanking up so us a shot with mrs.
diamond comes around but again they
don't have enough to finish him off as
to drag to the sent away the other side
comes in throws Timbers down Darien goes
down his pecker the bits of the guilt no
they're gonna go to domin the rest of
gammon have given up on this one they
know the diamond is dead it's a matter
of who gets the kill it's gonna be
nicely Edward just gets pulled in by the
shockwave dropped right down and diamond
I'll tank easy it doesn't matter he's
just getting drop straight down the
cname it's a Tony going down there sign
a gonna run away from this one Darren
desperate for the kill but he just can't
get it and now reckless comes back
around the side he's in everything back
against the killed it's another BB him
he's a 16 the inhibitor this is gonna be
go fanatics sign I didn't even die he
got out he drove into four members of
gambit and the super tanks are tanky it
took them a while to die but they didn't
have enough damage LeBlanc Alex's has
been unable to find priority targets and
fanatic in 30 minutes are going to pick
up the first victory of the LCS
absolutely fantastic stuff analogous
tanking
slowly when they get forced away it
seems they will sours gets up can he go
down he's at 30 it's only last thing he
wants to do he's die and lose one of
those that's the diamond and again they
back away all the gambit get the better
super minions are in they picked the
fight shockwave on Edward once again he
gets dropped before he even uses that
ultimate he gets taken straight down
Darien comes in diamond gums into tanks
run in the front line but they just
don't have enough damage to follow
through that's gonna be another double
kill for Becky that dairy is gonna get
focused on one more hit you're taking
down it's not gonna be for rent first
time around it will be finally takes him
down he's 809 pack a 10 17 and yellow
star the unkillable 00 15 the perfect
support right now and gamma are just
licking their wounds engage off to
engage has been perfect from yellow star
he didn't even need tippers in that
previous engagement they only burn the
shockwave all five members are fanatic
on the necklace Nexus and it's finally
over here we go ladies and jelly gave
one of the European 2014 season of the
LCS and what an impressive debut for
reckless right there and in the game 809